Dawn
You are really the dawn
Yeah, I'm awake now
Where have you been all these years?
Never showed up
Impossible Gu Jinxi is not Chenxi
He's a poor singer
Sweet, what's going on?
Didn't you say you are Chenxi?
I told you from the beginning he was a liar
As long as you are stupid, you can be like you.
You are really angry when you talk nonsense about Tiantian.
Furui, you are still lying
At the dinner party today
But they are all big people with heads and faces
Even the head of the Shen family will be there in person
I alerted them.
You can't afford it
obsessive
Hey, Miss Chenxi
Don't be familiar with this master
Can we talk about a happy cooperation?
Boss Yu said what you meant.
You came to the Shen family to poach people
Of course it is.
Everyone knows that we Huanyu don't deal with the Shen family
Did Miss Chenxi not sign the contract?
Besides, it's such a big deal
That Third Master Shen of the Shen family doesn't show up either
It must be ignored.
Don't worry, I'm here.
Even if Third Master Shen is here, he can't be buried inside
This is our condition for you from Huanyu.
If you have any requirements, just ask.
I will definitely satisfy you.
A billion dollars a year.
A billion, a billion.